Add breaking change in release notes (#85)
paralus/website: docs/Release Notes/release-notes-2023.md

**paralus/paralus**

**Breaking Change**

> - Okta JSONNet mapper configuration for SSO login got change a bit. This may impact the Okta user logins. As a workaround use [pinned Okta mapper URL](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/paralus/paralus/v0.2.1/_kratos/oidc-mappers/okta.jsonnet) to your existing Okta OIdC configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Okta JSONNet mapper configuration for SSO login got changed to support multiple groups. This may impact the existing Okta user logins configured with paralus versions prior to v0.2.1. As a workaround use [pinned Okta mapper URL](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/paralus/paralus/v0.2.1/_kratos/oidc-mappers/okta.jsonnet) to your existing Okta OIdC configuration.
```

Author: Thanks Nirav. Fixed in latest commit.
